https://codepen.io/mkbotoman/pen/zYvpmGQ?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
HTML that gives meaning to our content

2. What is HTML used for? 
It's used to give structure to the content of the page

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes are different pieces of information about a tag. They got in the opening tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is used to show the most important thing on the page. It should only be used once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a and img 

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Information about the document such as title, keywords, description.

7. What is an id?
A unique identifier for an element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any element can have an id 

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

10. What is a class? 
A class is an attribute that identified elements witht he same style

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element can have a class.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
alt is a descriptor of the image. It is used when the image cannot be displayed or for users using assistive technologies such as screenreaders.

15. How do I reference an id?
#[id_name]

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Sections are semantically denoting parts of the page. divs are stylist separations.

17. What is CSS used for?
Styling (HTML is what is on the page, CSS is how it looks, JS is what it does)

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
[element_name] { }

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
An id is a unique identifier while a class is a descriptor for style. I might use a class if I needed to make three pagagraphs blue, while all the others stayed the default. I might use an id if I needed to get the value of one specific form field.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.[class_name] { }

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human { }

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector is a way to take all of the elements within a higher level element. For example all of the p tags within a section called .about would be denoted as .about p {}. This can be helpful for increasing specificity.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a { }

24. What is a pseudo selector?
An addition to a call based on state. For example :hover, :checked, :last-child.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-spacing

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* { }

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* this is a CSS comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls 

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm [fileName]. This is risky because it is not reversable.

34. Why should I use version control? 
To see the working history of a project and be able to move forward and backwards through time.

35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever you hit a new working state or approx every 20 minutes. 

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push or git push -u origin [branchName]

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the project, add TL as collaborator, clone the project, cd into the project, checkout a branch named 'firstName-lastName', do your work, add all the files, commit them with a descriptive message, push it up to a branch in github, go to github, create a PR, add the TL and a reviewer.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?